c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\SAGLET.dll.config
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\SAGLET.dll
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\SAGLET.pdb
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\EngineIoClientDotNet.dll
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Hangfire.Core.dll
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Hangfire.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Owin.dll
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\SocketIoClientDotNet.dll
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\WebSocket4Net.dll
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Hangfire.Core.xml
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Hangfire.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\obj\Debug\SAGLET.dll
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\obj\Debug\SAGLET.pdb
c:\Users\Liran\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\obj\Debug\SAGLET.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\SAGLET.dll.config
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\SAGLET.dll
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\SAGLET.pdb
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\EngineIoClientDotNet.dll
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Hangfire.Core.dll
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Hangfire.SqlServer.dll
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Owin.dll
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\SocketIoClientDotNet.dll
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\WebSocket4Net.dll
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Hangfire.Core.xml
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Hangfire.SqlServer.xml
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\obj\Debug\SAGLET.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\obj\Debug\SAGLET.dll
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\obj\Debug\SAGLET.pdb
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\obj\Debug\SAGLET.Areas.Demo.Migrations.DemoModal.InitialDatabaseCreation.resources
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\obj\Debug\SAGLET.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\obj\Debug\SAGLET.Migrations.SagletApp.InitialDatabaseCreation.resources
D:\Dropbox\Programming\Kobi\Saglet\Saglet\SAGLET\obj\Debug\SAGLET.Migrations.SagletModel.InitialDatabaseCreation.resources
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\SAGLET.dll.config
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\SAGLET.dll
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\SAGLET.pdb
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\EngineIoClientDotNet.dll
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Hangfire.Core.dll
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Hangfire.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\SocketIoClientDotNet.dll
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\WebSocket4Net.dll
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Hangfire.Core.xml
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Hangfire.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\obj\Debug\SAGLET.Areas.Demo.Migrations.DemoModal.InitialDatabaseCreation.resources
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\obj\Debug\SAGLET.Migrations.SagletApp.InitialDatabaseCreation.resources
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\obj\Debug\SAGLET.Migrations.SagletModel.InitialDatabaseCreation.resources
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\obj\Debug\SAGLET.Migrations.SagletModel.InitialDatabaseCreation1.resources
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\obj\Debug\SAGLET.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\obj\Debug\SAGLET.dll
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\obj\Debug\SAGLET.pdb
C:\Users\Assaf\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Saglet\SAGLET\obj\Debug\SAGLET.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\obj\Debug\SAGLET.Areas.Demo.Migrations.DemoModal.InitialDatabaseCreation.resources
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\obj\Debug\SAGLET.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\obj\Debug\SAGLET.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\ClearScript.V8\ClearScriptV8-32.dll
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\ClearScript.V8\ClearScriptV8-64.dll
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\ClearScript.V8\v8-ia32.dll
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\ClearScript.V8\v8-x64.dll
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\SAGLET.dll.config
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\SAGLET.dll
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\SAGLET.pdb
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\ClearScript.dll
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\EngineIoClientDotNet.dll
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Hangfire.Core.dll
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Hangfire.SqlServer.dll
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.Core.dll
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.Msie.dll
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.V8.dll
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\JSPool.dll
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\MsieJavaScriptEngine.dll
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\SocketIoClientDotNet.dll
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\WebSocket4Net.dll
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Hangfire.Core.xml
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Hangfire.SqlServer.xml
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\JSPool.xml
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\ru-ru\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.Core.resources.dll
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\ru-ru\JavaScriptEngineSwitcher.V8.resources.dll
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\bin\ru-ru\MsieJavaScriptEngine.resources.dll
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\obj\Debug\SAGLET.dll
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\obj\Debug\SAGLET.pdb
C:\Projects\x\Saglet\SAGLET\obj\Debug\SAGLET.Migrations.ApplicationDbContext.InitialDatabaseCreation.resources
